Blockchain and cryptocurrencies is a fascinating development that is going on in the IT world, it changes the way we pay for stuff online and soon to be in person. Historic examples of such developments include the internet, smartphones, cloud computing, and public-key cryptography
 
Blockchains are used on the internet as a record-keeping technology behind bitcoin. There is a good chance that it makes so much sense. The definition you have probably heard is: blockchain is a distributed, decentralized, public ledger. Or you could call it a chain of blocks made up of digital pieces of information. Includes 3 parts Stores information like the date, time, and dollar amount of your most recent purchase from Amazon. Second thing blocks to store information about who is participating in transactions, using a unique digital signature sort of like a username third part is it blocks to store information that distinguishes them from the other blocks so I guess each block has a memory and calls each block a name to remember it by. Each block has a unique code called a hash
Each one has a different unique code say if you made a purchase on amazon but while it’s in delivery you want another one even though your details of the new transaction is identical you can still tell the blocks apart by the unique codes
public-key cryptography cryptocurrency based around the internet used to make trades in secret the most important feature about cryptocurrency is that it is not controlled by any central authority: decentralized nature of the blockchain makes cryptocurrencies immune to the old ways of government control and interference cryptocurrencies can be sent between two people via the use of private and public keys avoiding the cost of major banks fees.
Bitcoin mining is performed by high powered computers that solve complex math problems
 
The bitcoin price 1 bitcoin is equal to 11,472.88 increasing global uncertainties will likely push more investors into bitcoin as it becomes recognized as a store of value 
 
Bitcoins and smartphones its not that profitable to mine bitcoin on your smartphone because it would use allot and it is more profitable to mine it on a pc. The main objective of smartphones with bitcoin blockchain and cryptocurrencies is stored on your bitcoin wallet can be bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple, Litecoin, and bitcoin cash Cryptocurrency is an encrypted, decentralized digital currency transferred between peers and confirmed in a public ledger via a process known as mining.
A Cryptocurrency wallet stores the public and private keys or "addresses" which can be used to receive or spend the cryptocurrency. With the private key, it is possible to write in the public ledger, effectively spending the associated cryptocurrency. With the public key, it is possible for others to send currency to the wallet.
The country’s that are illegal for bitcoin are Algeria, Egypt, Morocco, Nepal, Pakistan and the ones that have a banking ban are Saudi Arabia, Jordan, Iran, Bangladesh, India, China, and Cambodia.
Therefore, the emergence of cryptocurrencies and blockchain technology are promising developments for a more financially inclusive world. 
This matters for the real estate industry because the industry currently relies on an inefficient loop between attorneys, financial institutions and real property agents, which makes transactions slow and cumbersome. This ineffective loop stems from a lack of guarantees of trust between parties, escalating cost by as much as 10%. Blockchain technology, specifically the use of smart contracts can revolutionize this process while complying with legal requirements. The smart contract code facilitates, verifies and enforces the negotiation or performance of an agreement or transaction. Blockchain and cryptocurrencies is a fascinating development that is going on in the IT world, it changes the way we pay for stuff online and soon to be in person. Historic examples of such developments include the internet, smartphones, cloud computing, and public-key cryptography
“These new technological advancements, which can massively expand access, nonetheless require a responsive and enabling legal framework, modified to this changing landscape. Some rules are no longer fit-for-purpose, and regulators and innovators in the tech space are moving feverishly to address this misalignment. The Financial Services Commission in Barbados, in consultation with a working group, has created new financial regulations applicable to digital assets and proposed new regulatory sandboxes for individual products. This regulatory approach focuses on having no more, and no less regulation, than is required to avoid consumer vulnerability and eliminate systemic risks, while enabling innovation. Modifying the legal requirements of the Stock Exchange to cover new digital assets, as well as ensuring compliance with anti-money laundering and know-your-client requirements are particularly necessary modifications to bring the law into this new era, which regulators in Barbados have already begun tackling.” Quote from  https://www.investbarbados.org/newsmain.php?view=Cryptocurrencies%20Blockchain%20Technology%20and%20the%20Real%20Property%20Market
 “Therefore transaction fees for cryptocurrency works mainly on the supply of network capacity at the time, versus the demand from the currency holder for a faster transaction. The currency holder can choose a specific transaction fee, while network entities process transactions in order of highest offered fee to the lowest. Cryptocurrency exchanges can simplify the process for currency holders by offering priority alternatives and thereby determine which fee will likely cause the transaction to be processed in the requested time” Quote from https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cryptocurrency#Wallets

Jordan Kelley, founder of robocoin launched the first bitcoin ATM in the united states on 20th February 2014
Therefore you have to be very careful that your bitcoin account does not get hacked or stolen fraud is a big thing with cryptocurrency as there is many people that try to hack steal your cryptocurrency the government does not control anything to do with cryptocurrency’s or blockchains so it is very dangerous some people even buying drugs weapons online through the darkweb. Therefore it is illegal to buy and sell drugs and weapons on the dark web. In order to mine cryptocurrency you need a good working server with multiple pcs running day and night this could get really expensive to run, as power costs allot these days.
That concludes my report on cryptocurrencies and blockchains.
